[Music]
quiet I'm here to protect you from
destiny I would take it to safe place or
she can't find you oh don't worry
Destiny's there with you well hello
human
what have you done with Mitzi oh the
human well just probably dead by now you
can't beat us it's two against one
now it's you against me
[Music]
counting Oh
you never get there in time hunter Mitzi
are you okay oh I feel so stiff we
really need to get out of here
I know but how there is one way out
it's in a great werewolves Hollow but
how do we get there there is a place in
the deepest part of this forest where
all the world is meat and that's where
we find a great girls Hollow
it's a dangerous journey shall we of
course
[Music]
Disney Disney Disney Disney are you okay
why shouldn't I well I
you know we lost against them
I know and you aren't angry of course I
am and I have a plan
hunter is of course planning on taking
Mitzi our fair so we are going to tell
the great world about it
great werewolf isn't he dangerous not
for me
he's my friend are you sure we going the
right way you know I know this place I
know but we've been walking really far I
live outside the forest so it will take
a day to get to the center there you
have your Oscar oh I can hear something
[Music]
hide in that Bush now okay
Hunter oh yeah hi what are you doing out
here do you want to bear for the full
moon yeah kinda it's a lot of tasty
rabbits out here huh yeah well we gotta
go but see it's a full moon
bye see ya
pew that was close Oh what oh what kind
of bush is this it stinks you really
don't want to know it's getting dark I
think it's time to find a place to sleep
it yeah what about that place
hmm it's great
okay I can go and hunt and you can fix
the fire sure nice and fresh
thank you
[Music]
good night hunter good night Mitzi hello
wake up wake up
what it's so early if we start going now
we will lean to halt at dusk all right
[Music]
man this is so boring sir Mitzi Wow look
what we have here a giant and beautiful
ride eh oh no not you again
hunter who's that just a very irritating
hole whoa excuse me but I have a name
really yeah
my name is actually cupcake well cupcake
if you doesn't let but way to go bad
things will happen to you
I'm so scared
let her go it seems like you fancy that
girl
but now she's mine
[Music]
hmm seems like that braking keeps them
busy perfect now we will get an
advantage come on girls I say do you
want more time let her go hmm let me
think
no you give me no choice
[Music]
Hey
what are you doing stop don't come
closer
whoa
thank you no problemo
look let's come to visit me hey nice to
see you too
[Music]